Refinement on the text about costs (#42)
mirjak/draft-kuehlewind-shmoo-remote-fee: draft-ietf-shmoo-remote-fee.md

# Financial Impact

Fully online meetings as well as remote participation incur expenses, as do other services that the IETF provides.
This includes items such as mailing lists, document access via the datatracker or other
online platforms, as well as support for videoconferencing, like use of Meetecho and others.
Meeting fees are a way to distribute these and other operating costs of the IETF among participants,
even though they do not fully offset the costs of either holding the meeting or operating the IETF.
As such, the intention of this document and the principle stated herein is not to make remote participation
free for everyone, but to always offer a free remote option that enables remote participation without
any barriers other than the application for the free registration itself for those where the registration fee
is a barrier for participation.

> Such a free registration option is feasible for remote participation, 
> as long as the overall meeting expenses are covered by paid registrations, sponsorships and other sources of revenue,
> as the additional costs for remote participation do not strongly scale with the number of remote attendees.
> This is different for in-person participation and therefore not in scope for this document.

Author: ```suggestion
This principle applies to remote participation only, providing thereby one free option for participation. In-person participation is not in scope for this document as the costs considerations are boarder than just the registration fee.
```

As the principle defined in this document aims to promote openness and thereby enhance participation,
an increase in use of free registrations is a success and likely a sign of increased interest and not necessarily a

> sign of misuse, specifically as long as the number of paid registrations stays reasonably stable.

Reviewer: I would just end the sentence after "misuse".
